Don't worry, owner.
This time I brought money
Enough to defeat the Chen family
I have passed the expiration date with several international giants
You can support us anytime, anywhere.
The Chen family's stall is very big
It cooperates with large international enterprises.
That's good, if the Chen family is still single-minded
Then we'll make it one size fits all.
Paralyze the Chen family
I'll give you two days then.
Do you have information to bankrupt the Chen family?
Two days is a bit urgent.
Unless you use 1/2 of the wealth of the Emperor's Palace
But I promise to swallow the Chen family
The wealth value of the Emperor's Palace will definitely increase
You are the financial queen
Leave the wealth of the Emperor's Palace to you
But this time the Chen family really provoked me
That's right.
You tell Raytheon to evacuate him from Yafeng Hospital
Owner, what do you mean?
Long line to catch big fish
The head of the family surrounded the people in the hospital for some reason
Dad's income has all been shot out
Are you sure there's no one in the hospital to start now?
Absolutely.
The wife and son are in the hospital
Our people are already in place
Do you want to rush in and save people?
Patriarch, is this a trap?
Maybe that Ouyang Feilong is afraid of me
Chen Tianliang Qingzhi
He dares to challenge me
I guess so.
Hey, home, when are we leaving?
That's not good